So by now you've got the attention of the key influencers in your age by putting in a bit of ego based
You may have also then done a bit of research on which are the most popular posts and you want to model
the success of them.
Now a form of content that you can put out is an info graphic and really what you want to do is create
a visual resource that people want to link to.
So in this lecture what I want to show you is you know what is an info graphic.
Show me some examples of really good ones and then explain how you get links from infographics.
How do they track links and then finding a way to show you a couple of online tools in order for you
to build your own even for ground graphics so you can attract links to that.
So let's look at a couple of examples of infographics seeking a sense of really how good they are as
a piece of content.
And what I've got here is a post that's actually like a best of list if you remember this is one of
the strategies that you can use to get the attention of the key influencers or just create a piece of
content yourself.
So this guy is basically just compiled a lot of the best him for graphics.
And as you can see this page itself has attracted over 99 links so I mean this is a great example of
the best of strategy.
He hasn't created any of these infographics but he's put them together in a best of list so a great
example there of the DOT DOT piece of content.
So let's have a look at.
So basically these infographics are just visual representations of information usually quite a lot of
information that's hard to understand.
And quickly by reading is an easily understood visually so let's have a look.
So the history of search for example you know this is great just to see all the companies that were
involved in search engines getting started.
You can see very easily that Google came in quite at least six years after the first search engines
were there and have really remained the dominant search engine since then.
And let's look here's a good visual guide to CEOs So a lot of the stuff we talk about in the course
here is summed up very quickly in a lot of different and slides here basically and then for graphics
so social media the history of it here.
Google's long history of forays into social media.
So these are all maybe the things that they've launched that haven't been successful or have been successful
.
It's just a great visual timeline very easy to consume these pieces of content and much easier than
just reading.
So what I wanted to show you then is well Heidi you actually get links from something like this so this
is another example of an in graphic.
Pretty huge you here from on bands dot com.
And as you can see at the bottom of the infographics here you can embed this info graphic into your
site so you can embed this into a page on your site write your own notes about this.
And that came to that as a link back to the site.
And the other way then is just actually people linking to the page that this graphic is zones.
You can see that there's over 700 links for this particular page which is a huge amount of links for
one piece of content obviously they've put a lot of work into this.
But there's great return on this investment.
If you're willing to make it so and let's have a look at how can we make these infographics herself
.
And so what I'm going to show you here is a couple of online tools that you can use for free.
And essentially they're like drag and drop so they have templates and you can just drop in your images
drop in your text and create infographics.
Very quickly you can also then generate that embedded code that other people can put into their sites
so am I.
I think I'll just direct you to maybe watch this video pick churchyard one of my favorite ones is a
very good explanation over how it works.
What Taito chart is a great option.
Another option is visual dot l y and the third option and I'm going to give you is in foreground this
can be particularly good for charts so it's very quick to get open running on these and create a visual
resource that's going to attract links from your audience.